Deflected Blame: This user may transfer all damage it has taken to another within 100 feet as an Action. This includes any Injuries that are less than Divine(Severity). This may be used an unlimited number of times. A-Rank
Ghaz's Paramour: The user has +4 Levels in Health (Divine Cap) and in every round of combat after the first they gain +1 Levels to all stats that can break into any Tier. This caps out at a number of extra Levels equal to their Star Rating. A-Rank
Achilles' Heel: The user has [Star Rating x4] additional steps of Physical, Energy, and Mental durability until a GM-determined body part or object is damaged. This spot should be obvious, such as being a body wound, covered in more armor, and such, due to the part/item having completely no passive defense that cannot be remedied by any effects. A-Rank
Time Lord: The user always goes first in Initiative and may pause time for up to [Star Rating x 2] rounds as a Free Action. The cooldown is equal to the number of rounds in which they paused time. They may, instead, expend rounds to reverse the state of themselves or another target one round per two rounds of time stop expended, which follows the same cooldown rules. A-Rank
Equalizer: No attack that would hit the user may have dice higher than their Active Defense. No target the user attacks or that engages them may have higher Durability than the user. No target may have a pool higher than the user's in any contested dice roll. A-Rank
Tulpae: The user's Charisma, Willpower, and Intelligence all become Primary Stats and are increased by four Levels (Divine Cap) and they unlock the Mentalist [The Highest Mental Stat They Have] skill. The user is inhabiting a body not their own and, upon being slain or as a full-round action, may infect the mind of a creature within their [Star Rating x 5] Feet as a Mentalist attack with no dice cap that deals DV [Star Rating x2] Strong Cognitive damage. This is avoided with Mentalist/Serenity and if the target is Taken Out from the attack the user now owns their body and may use all their physical stats and skills. When dead this attack may be repeated per round so long as there are valid targets within the effective range. A-Rank
Warp: The user may, up to [Star Rating x 3] per round, move any number of creatures or objects up to their Star Rating a distance equal to (10xStar Rating(x5 feet)) in any direction as a Reaction. They may increase this by a factor of one hundred by changing it to a full-round action. A-Rank
Spectral: The user may, as a Reaction, shift to being completely intangible for [Star Rating] rounds, with a cooldown equal to the number of rounds they were intangible. While intangible they are almost completely immune to any attacks that would proc a Soak check and can completely ignore all non-mental defenses/Durability with their unarmed attacks. A-Rank
Literally, Straight Up Immortal: The user returns to full physical and mental health every [5-Star Rating] rounds, minimum 1, no matter what. This also extends to any other resource pool they possess. A-Rank
Just A Man, After All: No power effect is capable of harming or even affecting the user. Additionally, upon making physical contact with them, any and every power (Passive or Active) a target has is completely shut off for [Star Rating] rounds. A-Rank
Elastic Man: The nemesis' body is rubbery in nature, giving them equalized Durability across their body, Reach [Levels In Agility] to all their melee attacks. They are immune to all types of physical damage but being hit by ice attacks removes all the benefits of this trait and halves their Durability for [10 - Star Rating] rounds. A-Rank
