The Power of Friendship: This Nemesis is almost always found with another that also possesses this trait, and while both of them are in the same combat they have -2t to all offensive and defensive checks, as well as any other checks that would relate to teamwork. If one of them is Taken Out, the other one temporarily raises has all stat increased by a single Tier, though this does not affect SP gain at the end of combat. C-Rank
Half As Long, Twice As Bright: This Nemesis may take +1t to Soak and Resolve checks per round to subtract 1 from the t of all checks. Both the damage and the subtraction increases by one every round. Soak/Resolve damaged this way is considered to be lost to Brutal damage but does not inflict Injuries. C-Rank
Enrage: Every social check, or Mentalist attack, the user makes can inflict a stack of Rage as a Reaction. C-Rank
Wings: The user may, as an Action, grow a set of wings that allows them to fly and they unlock the Fly skill at the Novice tier. Their fly speed is equal to double their movement speed and they gain +2 Levels of Agility (Supernatural Cap) while active. C-Rank
Posse: The user is accompanied by [Star Rating] people who are two Star Ratings below them, with a minimum Star Rating of 1. This may be rolled up to three times, each time after the first increasing the Star Rating of the posse by one. The Posse is also one Category of Character tier lower than them, minimum Mook. C-Rank
Destructive Blood: The user gains access to the Innate Attack [Health] skill. They attack with the following statistics any time they take slashing or piercing damage; DV [2 + Star Rating], Middling Fire, Toxic, Corrosive, or Cold, MMD: 14/16, Range: Reach. This may be selected up to twice, the second time increasing the user's effective Star Rating for this attack by one. C-Rank
Airborne: The user gains a Flight speed that scales with the highest of Willpower or Agility for movement speed, with ties going to Agility. They additionally gain access to the Fly Skill at the Novice tier. They also gain +1 Level to Willpower or Agility (Supernatural Cap). C-Rank
Fighting a Shadow: The user's Star Rating is reduced by one until the first time they are killed, after which it is revealed that the slain version of the user was in some way an impostor or clone or minion, and the real user is both alive and witnessed the entire fight. C-Rank
Minor Void Spirit: The user is a Void Spirit, gaining +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), and has the standard package of abilities. C-Rank
Oh Great, A Flesh Slime: The user is a flesh slime in the shape of a person, granting Heroic Physical Immunity and letting them roll Soak as if their Health was two Tiers higher than it actually is. C-Rank
Born Lucky: The user has a pool of rerolls equal to their Star Rating, which they may use to force the reroll of any check they see as a Reaction. These rerolls restore upon impressive rolls or per Reset. C-Rank
Fucking Nullifiers: The user (through a vector of line-of-sight, touch, or something else) lowers the power stats of a target at a Level-to-Level ratio using Charisma or Willpower. The use gains +1 Level of Charisma or Willpower (Supernatural Cap) C-Rank
Red Spy: The user is a competent shapeshifter, increasing their Charisma by two Levels (Supernatural Cap) and increasing the skill Tier of Lie & Convince. The user may assimilate any person and form they have previously seen perfectly, though this does not alter any of their stats or capabilities, as if they were a humanoid. C-Rank
Braaaaains...: The user counts as Undead; their base Soak t is 0 unless the strike hits their head and they may make a Bite attack as a Free Action upon successfully grappling a target, regaining 1 Soak t per every 2 DV damage inflicted upon the target (Conversion rate is doubled per Severity tier above Middling the damage is.). Due to their undead nature, however, the user has Lesser Fire Vulnerability and gains +2t on all social checks save for Threaten, which gains -1T. C-Rank
Shadowborn: The user can meld with shadows, increasing the t of all attacks against them by 1 so long as they are in darkness. Additionally, whenever they're covered in darkness, they may teleport to a shadow they can see as a Free Action. C-Rank
Scary Motherfucker: The user has -2t to Threaten checks and the cap for that skill is increased to Master. And, when using the Intimidation stunt, they also reduce the target’s AD dice by [Successes over the target/2] in addition to its other effects. C-Rank
My Favorite Knife: The user’s stats for a specific, preferred weapon/skill are considered one Tier higher than they actually are (Supernatural Cap). C-Rank
Brain Punch: The user's physical attacks target Resolve and Mental Durability but do not ignore armor and can be avoided with physical AD. This may done for any physical attack as a Reaction that lowers the DL of the strike by one and changes the DT to Cognitive. C-Rank
Keen Hunter: The user’s Perception stat is moved up to Primary priority and gains +2 Levels (Supernatural Cap). The creature is physically impossible to sneak up on within a radius equal to [Levels In Perception] feet as it hears heartbeats and feels disturbances in the air. C-Rank
