Strong: The user gains +1 Level in Strength that can break into the next Tier. Every Tier above Uncanny the stat is, or will be, increases the rank of this trait by one. D-Rank
Agile: The user gains +1 Level in Agility that can break into the next Tier. Every Tier above Uncanny the stat is, or will be, increases the rank of this trait by one. D-Rank
Healthy: The user gains +1 Level in Health that can break into the next Tier. Every Tier above Uncanny the stat is, or will be, increases the rank of this trait by one. D-Rank
Perceptive: The user gains +1 Level in Perception that can break into the next Tier. Every Tier above Uncanny the stat is, or will be, increases the rank of this trait by one. D-Rank
Intelligent: The user gains +1 Level in Intellect that can break into the next Tier. Every Tier above Uncanny the stat is, or will be, increases the rank of this trait by one. D-Rank
Willful: The user gains +1 Level in Willpower that can break into the next Tier. Every Tier above Uncanny the stat is, or will be, increases the rank of this trait by one. D-Rank
Charismatic: The user gains +1 Level in Charisma that can break into the next Tier. Every Tier above Uncanny the stat is, or will be, increases the rank of this trait by one. D-Rank
Heavy: The user gains +1 Level in Mass that can break into the next Tier. Every Tier above Light the stat is, or will be, increases the rank of this trait by one. D-Rank
Lethal Aptitude: Choose a combat skill the user is at least a Novice in and increase it by two tiers. D-Rank
Well Learned: Choose a utility skill the user is at least a Novice in and increase it by two tiers. D-Rank
Generational Talent: Choose a single skill to increase the cap from Expert to Master. D-Rank
Elemental Mage: The user is an Elementalism Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Elementalism Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Force Mage: The user is a Force Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Force Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Clairvoyance Mage: The user is a Clairvoyance Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Clairvoyance Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Necromancy Mage: The user is a Necromancy Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Necromancy Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Transmutation Mage: The user is a Transmutation Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Transmutation Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Biomancy Mage: The user is a Biomancy Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Biomancy Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Dimensional Mage: The user is a Dimensionalism Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Dimensionalism Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Psychic Mage: The user is a Psychic Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Psychic Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Conjuration Mage: The user is a Conjuration Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Conjuration Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Holy Mage: The user is a Holy Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Holy Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Dark Mage: The user is a Dark Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Dark Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Nature Mage: The user is a Nature Mage. They gain +3 Levels of Mana (Supernatural Cap and Primary Priority), Nature Magic at a rank below their highest tier skill, 1 Keyword, and 1 Modifier. Each time this trait is taken the skill is instead flatly increased by one tier, the stat increased by 3 Levels, and the effective ability rank increased by one. D-Rank
Born Unlucky: The t of everyone else in this combat is increased by two, and the user’s t is increased by one due to their long experience managing their bad luck field. D-Rank
Narrative Senses: The user has this basic ability and a conditional +2 Levels in a single stat of their choice that is only active in specific situations. D-Rank
Balanced: The user has this Basic Ability and their Primary Stats are the ones considered “power boosted”. D-Rank
I'm Feeling Invincible: The user is considered one size larger than they actually are for the purposes of Durability. Additionally, they may gain Prot equal to [Levels in Health/2] as a reaction at the cost of +1t to Soak checks. D-Rank
Elemental Prestidigitation: The user has this Basic Ability, +3 Levels in an Elementalist Conditional from the element table (Cantrip Cap) and it is considered a Primary Stat. D-Rank
Genesis Creation: The user has this basic ability for literal summons or minions. D-Rank
Built Different: The user has this basic ability and +1 Level in Strength or Mass (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
I'm Pulling Myself Together: The user can, as an Action, roll Serenity[Health/Willpower] to recovery Soak-t at a 2 successes to 1 ratio. The successes required doubles per Severity above “Scratched” the damage/injury is. D-Rank
Size Up: The user has this Basic Ability and +1 Tier in a skill of their choice (Expert Cap). D-Rank
Collective Unconscious: The user has this Basic Ability and +1 Level in Charisma or Willpower (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Uncanny Control: The user has this Basic Ability and +1 Level in Health (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Claws: The user can grow claws as an Action which changes their unarmed DT to Slashing, DV to 2, and they gain one Level of Strength or Agility (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Fangs: The user can grow a set of fangs as an Action that changes the unarmed DT with their mouth to Piercing, DV to 2, and can automatically grapple targets upon a hit. Attacks made with their mouth operate at +2t though. The DL of this partial transformation scales with the highest of Health or Strength. They also gain one Level of Strength or Health. (Uncanny Cap) D-Rank
Tail: As an Action, the user can grow a tail with Reach (5), and DV 2 Blunt. This limb can be used for the simple manipulation of objects that don’t require fingers. They also gain one Level of Strength or Agility (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Tentacles: As an Action, the user may shift one of their limbs into a tentacle with the following statistics for unarmed combat. Base DV 2, Blunt/Crushing on grappled targets, and -2t to offensive grapple checks. They also gain one Level of Strength or Agility (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Scales: The user may, as an Action, grow scales that provide Lesser Slashing/Piercing/Fire Resistance and Prot 2. They also gain one Level of Health (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank 
Fur: The user may, as an Action, grow fur that provides Lesser Slashing/Piercing/Cold Resistance and Prot 2. They also gain one Level of Health (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Animal Eyes: The user has perfect night vision and -2t to most checks that use Perception. They also gain one Level of Perception (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Snout: The user suffers no t-increase when tracking by scent and may fight in Pitch Dark conditions at only +2t. They also gain one Level of Perception (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Quadruped: The user may, as Full Round Action, shift into a quadrupedal form that has double their usual movement speed, -2t to Acrobatic checks, but cannot use complex or simple tools. D-Rank
Calming Presence: The user may, as an Action, choose to passively emit calming pheromones that give targets +2t when trying to attack them. Targets also suffer +2t to their Active Defense as they struggle to react to anger appropriately. This ability has a range of 50ft. D-Rank
Unparalleled Might: The user has this Basic Ability and +1 Level in one of their Primary Stats (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Self-Awareness: The user has this Basic Ability and +1 Level in Charisma or Willpower (Uncanny Cap) D-Rank
Elemental Freedom: The user has this Basic Ability and an element from the element table associated with it. D-Rank
Otherworldly: The user has this basic ability, is either Holy or Unholy in nature, and gains +1 Level in Willpower or Health (Uncanny Cap) D-Rank
Magic Tax: The user’s Durability is considered one DL higher so long as the attack targeting them isn’t magical. D-Rank
Favored Weapon: The user picks a specific weapon they own at the start of Reset. It gains +1 DL and +2 MMD that day. D-Rank
Gun Nut: The user increases the tier of a single gun skill they have by one, maximum Expert. Each time this trait is taken, it can stack on a gun skill that hasn’t hit the cap or be put on another. D-Rank
Laser Loon: The user may gain access to energy weapons rather than a standard weapon. D-Rank
Cautious: The user has at least t9 to AD at all times unless physically held down. D-Rank
Hyper Specialized: When this ability is rolled, the user selects one of their Primary Stats to increase to the next Star Rating above their current one, and one Primary Stat to reduce to a Secondary Stat. D-Rank
Jack of All Trades: The user may drop a Primary Stat down to a Secondary Stat to raise two Unmodified Stats to Secondary Stats or raise a Tertiary Stat to an Unmodified Stat. D-Rank
Lesser Illusionist: The user increases the t of a target’s active defense against all their attacks by an amount equal to [Star Rating-1, minimum 1] and decreases the t of their own active defense by an equal amount. This can only be done as a Free Action against a specific target. D-Rank
Doppelganger: The user may lower their Health by a Tier to create an identical clone of themselves and their equipment by using a Full Round Action. Each additional time this is rolled both themselves and the clone may split one additional time, with no maximum. However, every split in the string reduces Health by another Tier, minimum Vermin. D-Rank
Mind Spike: The user gains access to the Mentalist [Charisma] skill and may make a Mentalist attack as an Action with the following statistics; DV [2 + Star Ratings] Lesser Cognitive, MMD: 8/10. They also gain one Level of Charisma (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Walking Tank: The user gains [Star Rating] additional steps of generic Kinetic or Energy Resistance. D-Rank
From The Hip: The user may aim a weapon as a free action rather than a standard action, or may aim a weapon without the Aim tag as an action. D-Rank
Nuclear Option: Upon death, the user detonates in a Splash (Star Rating x20) area using the highest of their Health or Willpower and is DV 4. The DL is Middling at Star Rating 1, increasing by one DL for every Star Rating past that. D-Rank
Blind Bruiser: The user is blind, and thus cannot read or determine color, but is also immune to Eye Shots and any effect that requires sight. They also gain +1 Level of Perception (Uncanny Cap) D-Rank
The Big Guns: The user's main weapon, should it be two-handed, counts as Large for purposes of dealing damage. D-Rank
Just That Good: The target has a base t of 6 instead of 7. If this trait is taken again it becomes C-Rank and the t is lowered to 5. D-Rank
Why Are They So Small: The user has been minimized and is now considered two size categories smaller than is normal for their race. This can't go below Miniature. D-Rank
Smoke Bomb!: The user has a smoke-bomb, that when activated as an action, automatically fills a circular, Short Range area with vision-obscuring smoke. This cover grants +4t to Perception checks and attacks dependent on seeing a target. D-Rank
Mild Neurotoxin: The nemesis has their melee weapons and ammo coated in a potent toxin. Upon dealing HP damage to a target, they must pass a DC 5 Middling Health check. Upon a failure, they will continuously gain +1t to all physical checks at the end of their turn. This toxin does not stack and has a duration of rounds equal to half the DV dealt with the inflicting strike, minimum 1. D-Rank
Perfect Feint: The user has exceptional mastery over the Sleight of Hand skill, having a base -2t to all checks with it. They also gain one Level of Intellect (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Beyond Infrasonic Roar: The user gains access to the Mentalist [Charisma] skill at Novice and may make a DV 4 Lesser Fear Mentalist attack with no MMD as an Action as they let loose a mighty roar against targets that are within 50 feet of it. The DL may be changed to Middling by focusing the roar into a 20ft cone. D-Rank
Killer Instinct: All called shots the user makes have -1t. They also gain one Level of Perception or Intellect (Uncanny Cap). D-Rank
Friends in High Places: The user is capable of siccing the authorities of any given place on their enemy, regardless of the actual fault or legality involved.
